Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/configure-a-read-write-ldap-user-store.md

# Configure a Read-write LDAP userstore

> WSO2 identity server uses embedded H2 database as the primary userstore. This document will guide you to change that to a Read/Write LDAP userstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 Identity Server uses the embedded H2 database as the primary user store. This document will guide you to change that to a Read/Write LDAP user store.
```

<td>ConnectionURL</td>
<td>connection_url</td>
<td>Connection URL</td>

> <td><p>Connection URL to the userstore server.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>Connection URL to the user store server.</p>
```
